# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements.in -o requirements.txt
a2wsgi==1.10.8
    # via -r requirements.in
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.14
    # via langchain-community
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
ansio==0.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
anthropic==0.58.2
    # via langchain-anthropic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   browser-use
    #   groq
    #   httpx
    #   mcp
    #   openai
    #   shared-mcp
    #   sse-starlette
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
asgiref==3.9.1
    # via flask
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   e2b
    #   e2b-code-interpreter
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
backoff==2.2.1
    # via
    #   posthog
    #   unstructured
bcrypt==4.3.0
    # via paramiko
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via
    #   feedfinder2
    #   markdownify
    #   newspaper3k
    #   unstructured
blinker==1.9.0
    # via flask
boto3==1.39.11
    # via langchain-aws
botocore==1.39.11
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
browser-use==0.2.5
    # via -r requirements.in
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via google-auth
certifi==2025.7.14
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   unstructured-client
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
chardet==5.2.0
    # via unstructured
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via
    #   requests
    #   unstructured-client
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   duckduckgo-search
    #   flask
    #   nltk
    #   python-oxmsg
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
colorama==0.4.6
    # via griffe
crontab==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
cryptography==45.0.5
    # via
    #   paramiko
    #   unstructured-client
cssselect==1.3.0
    # via newspaper3k
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-client
deepdiff==8.5.0
    # via unstructured-client
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via langchain-anthropic
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   groq
    #   openai
    #   posthog
docker==7.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
duckduckgo-search==6.1.12
    # via -r requirements.in
e2b==1.7.0
    # via e2b-code-interpreter
e2b-code-interpreter==1.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
emoji==2.14.1
    # via unstructured
exceptiongroup==1.3.0
    # via fastmcp
faiss-cpu==1.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   browser-use
fastapi==0.116.1
    # via -r requirements.in
fastmcp==2.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   shared-mcp
feedfinder2==0.0.4
    # via newspaper3k
feedparser==6.0.11
    # via newspaper3k
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   tldextract
    #   torch
    #   transformers
filetype==1.2.0
    # via
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   unstructured
flaredantic==0.1.4
    # via -r requirements.in
flask==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-basicauth
flask-basicauth==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.7.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.43
    # via -r requirements.in
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.18
    # via langchain-google-genai
google-api-core==2.25.1
    # via
    #   browser-use
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
google-auth==2.40.3
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
greenlet==3.2.3
    # via
    #   patchright
    #   playwright
    #   sqlalchemy
griffe==1.8.0
    # via openai-agents
groq==0.30.0
    # via langchain-groq
grpcio==1.73.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
    #   qdrant-client
grpcio-status==1.71.2
    # via google-api-core
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
h2==4.2.0
    # via httpx
hf-xet==1.1.5
    # via huggingface-hub
hpack==4.1.0
    # via h2
html5lib==1.1
    # via unstructured
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via
    #   e2b
    #   httpx
httptools==0.6.4
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   browser-use
    #   e2b
    #   e2b-code-interpreter
    #   fastmcp
    #   groq
    #   langchain-mistralai
    #   langsmith
    #   mcp
    #   ollama
    #   openai
    #   qdrant-client
    #   shared-mcp
    #   unstructured-client
httpx-sse==0.4.1
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-mistralai
    #   mcp
huggingface-hub==0.33.4
    # via
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
hyperframe==6.1.0
    # via h2
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   tldextract
    #   unstructured-client
    #   yarl
inputimeout==1.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via flask
jieba3k==0.35.1
    # via newspaper3k
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   flask
    #   torch
jiter==0.10.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.5.1
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpath-python==1.0.6
    # via unstructured-client
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.25.0
    # via mcp
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
langchain==0.3.22
    # via
    #   browser-use
    #   langchain-community
langchain-anthropic==0.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   browser-use
langchain-aws==0.2.19
    # via browser-use
langchain-community==0.3.19
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.3.49
    # via
    #   browser-use
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-anthropic
    #   langchain-aws
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-deepseek
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langchain-groq
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   langchain-mistralai
    #   langchain-ollama
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-deepseek==0.1.3
    # via browser-use
langchain-google-genai==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   browser-use
langchain-groq==0.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-huggingface==0.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-mistralai==0.2.4
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-ollama==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   browser-use
langchain-openai==0.3.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   browser-use
    #   langchain-deepseek
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.7
    # via langchain
langdetect==1.0.9
    # via unstructured
langsmith==0.3.45
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
lxml==6.0.0
    # via
    #   lxml-html-clean
    #   newspaper3k
    #   unstructured
lxml-html-clean==0.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown==3.7
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markdownify==1.1.0
    # via browser-use
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   unstructured-client
mcp==1.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastmcp
    #   openai-agents
    #   shared-mcp
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mem0ai==0.1.93
    # via browser-use
monotonic==1.6
    # via posthog
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.6.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via
    #   typing-inspect
    #   unstructured-client
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   unstructured-client
networkx==3.5
    # via torch
newspaper3k==0.2.8
    # via -r requirements.in
nltk==3.9.1
    # via
    #   newspaper3k
    #   unstructured
numpy==2.3.1
    # via
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   langchain-aws
    #   langchain-community
    #   qdrant-client
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
nvidia-cublas-cu12==12.6.4.1
    # via
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu12==12.6.80
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu12==12.6.77
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu12==12.6.77
    # via torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu12==9.5.1.17
    # via torch
nvidia-cufft-cu12==11.3.0.4
    # via torch
nvidia-cufile-cu12==1.11.1.6
    # via torch
nvidia-curand-cu12==10.3.7.77
    # via torch
nvidia-cusolver-cu12==11.7.1.2
    # via torch
nvidia-cusparse-cu12==12.5.4.2
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cusparselt-cu12==0.6.3
    # via torch
nvidia-nccl-cu12==2.26.2
    # via torch
nvidia-nvjitlink-cu12==12.6.85
    # via
    #   nvidia-cufft-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusparse-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-nvtx-cu12==12.6.77
    # via torch
olefile==0.47
    # via python-oxmsg
ollama==0.5.1
    # via langchain-ollama
openai==1.97.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-openai
    #   mem0ai
    #   openai-agents
openai-agents==0.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
openapi-pydantic==0.5.1
    # via fastmcp
orderly-set==5.5.0
    # via deepdiff
orjson==3.11.0
    # via langsmith
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   e2b
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   gunicorn
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured-client
paramiko==3.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
patchright==1.52.5
    # via browser-use
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   newspaper3k
    #   sentence-transformers
playwright==1.52.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   browser-use
portalocker==3.2.0
    # via qdrant-client
posthog==3.25.0
    # via
    #   browser-use
    #   mem0ai
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==5.29.5
    # via
    #   e2b
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
    #   qdrant-client
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   browser-use
    #   unstructured
psycopg2-binary==2.9.10
    # via mem0ai
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.10.6
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   browser-use
    #   fastapi
    #   groq
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-anthropic
    #   langchain-aws
    #   langchain-core
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langchain-mistralai
    #   langsmith
    #   mcp
    #   mem0ai
    #   ollama
    #   openai
    #   openai-agents
    #   openapi-pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   qdrant-client
    #   shared-mcp
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.10.1
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   mcp
pyee==13.0.0
    # via
    #   patchright
    #   playwright
pygments==2.19.2
    # via rich
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via paramiko
pypdf==4.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   unstructured-client
pyperclip==1.9.0
    # via browser-use
pyreqwest-impersonate==0.5.3
    # via duckduckgo-search
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   e2b
    #   newspaper3k
    #   posthog
    #   unstructured-client
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   browser-use
    #   fastmcp
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   uvicorn
python-iso639==2025.2.18
    # via unstructured
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via unstructured
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via mcp
python-oxmsg==0.0.2
    # via unstructured
pytz==2024.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mem0ai
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   newspaper3k
    #   transformers
    #   uvicorn
qdrant-client==1.15.0
    # via mem0ai
rapidfuzz==3.13.0
    # via unstructured
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   browser-use
    #   docker
    #   feedfinder2
    #   flaredantic
    #   google-api-core
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   newspaper3k
    #   openai-agents
    #   posthog
    #   requests-file
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
    #   tldextract
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-client
requests-file==2.1.0
    # via tldextract
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via
    #   langsmith
    #   unstructured-client
rich==14.0.0
    # via
    #   fastmcp
    #   typer
rpds-py==0.26.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9.1
    # via google-auth
s3transfer==0.13.1
    # via boto3
safetensors==0.5.3
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.7.1
    # via sentence-transformers
scipy==1.16.0
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
screeninfo==0.8.1
    # via browser-use
sentence-transformers==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-huggingface
setuptools==80.9.0
    # via
    #   torch
    #   triton
sgmllib3k==1.0.0
    # via feedparser
./shared_mcp
    # via -r requirements.in
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   feedfinder2
    #   html5lib
    #   langdetect
    #   markdownify
    #   posthog
    #   python-dateutil
    #   unstructured-client
smmap==5.0.2
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   groq
    #   openai
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.41
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   mem0ai
sse-starlette==2.4.1
    # via mcp
starlette==0.47.2
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   mcp
    #   shared-mcp
sympy==1.14.0
    # via torch
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tiktoken==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-openai
tinysegmenter==0.3
    # via newspaper3k
tldextract==5.3.0
    # via newspaper3k
tokenizers==0.21.2
    # via
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   langchain-mistralai
    #   transformers
torch==2.7.1
    # via sentence-transformers
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   flaredantic
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   openai
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
transformers==4.53.3
    # via
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   sentence-transformers
triton==3.3.1
    # via torch
typer==0.16.0
    # via fastmcp
types-requests==2.32.4.20250611
    # via openai-agents
typing-extensions==4.14.1
    # via
    #   aiosignal
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   browser-use
    #   e2b
    #   exceptiongroup
    #   fastapi
    #   groq
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   openai-agents
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pyee
    #   python-oxmsg
    #   referencing
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   starlette
    #   torch
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-client
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   unstructured-client
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via pydantic-settings
unstructured==0.17.2
    # via -r requirements.in
unstructured-client==0.25.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   unstructured
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   docker
    #   qdrant-client
    #   requests
    #   types-requests
    #   unstructured-client
uuid7==0.1.0
    # via browser-use
uvicorn==0.35.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mcp
uvloop==0.21.0
    # via uvicorn
watchfiles==1.1.0
    # via uvicorn
watchdog==5.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in (file watching for gary-zero)
webcolors==24.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via html5lib
websockets==15.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastmcp
    #   uvicorn
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via flask
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via unstructured
yarl==1.20.1
    # via aiohttp
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith
